chore: explain Flutter initialization (#68)
cobrowseio/cobrowse-docs-gitbook: sdk-installation/flutter.md

This will associate sessions from your mobile app with your Cobrowse account.

{% hint style="info" %}

> If you configure the license in the native iOS and Android SDKs and do not use APIs from the Flutter SDK directly, you will need to make sure that the SDK is properly initialized. Run the code below at the early stage of the app, e.g. in the root widget:

Reviewer: I wonder if we shouldn't position this at the bottom of the `Installation` section. And potentially be more direct in the wording?

<img width="1700" height="1194" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2a47df46-eeca-4fca-8f60-f4ed24148b87" />

```suggestion
By default, the Flutter SDK initializes automatically on the first call to a native Dart Cobrowse API. If your application requires the SDK to be initialized earlier, invoke the code below during app startup, such as from your root widget.
```

Author: Please see https://github.com/cobrowseio/cobrowse-docs-gitbook/pull/69
